[Music]
they want my castle
we know yourself with the medicated
we're looking for the castle we're
marketing people do you like it give me
an office 20,000 pounds in cash
the construction crew and a cappuccino
[Music]
we need a decoy bride if you ever find a
cause I'm a whole sir can I lick
who's that awful girl now she's faking a
fairytale wedding
Oh can you do an American accent ah take
you to be my husband did you say the
register you show me why thinking of the
bus let me say my name the only thing
she didn't plan for in love I'm sorry
nearly trial don't be being tried with a
highlight
at least the fact that you are going to
seek me for another woman has been
agreed in advance what she liked really
nice turn me concave with caverns of
lovingness
oh you've met the one save the day it's
not for comedy about the things you just
can't fake as the marriage being
consummated you know I spent that time
[Music]
but being a bride